bmd	сделалось: became
rax	решилась: decided
cgy	ни: neither
sdj	умер: died
tiv	поступить: to enter
qjp	иначе: otherwise
jar	же: same
aiy	событие: event
xwd	свою: his
bhy	разорвал: ripped
coq	особой: special
fud	при: at
jli	блестящую: brilliant
joz	которому: to which
pwy	удивившее: surprised
rlf	счастной: happy
krp	из-за: due to
uzy	месяц: month
tjw	судьбы: of fate
ckz	husband: муж
zvb	Сама же: The very same
hsa	вдова: widow
xcb	чтобы: to
sml	жить: live
ojf	праздники: holidays
iky	мальчик: boy
ojq	давать: to give
tax	огромный: huge
mfd	вследствие: due to
txg	чего: what
axq	имел: had
qne	выше: above
iza	обыкновенного: ordinary
thp	кроме того: Besides
vsg	был бы: would be
ksb	замечательно: wonderful
jqi	одно: one thing
qlf	мешало: prevented
xsw	гнева: anger
sod	во: in
nwc	во время: during
rjd	совершенно: perfectly
lfd	терять: lose
qzj	обладание: possession
zqi	чуть: a little bit
brg	выкинуть: throw out
vju	окна: window
qap	начавшего: started
qjk	трунить: to chase
pfe	над: above
skh	целый: whole
ksq	пустить: to let
brq	то: that
inv	тот: that
uyw	прямо: straight
vjm	лицо: face
qhe	солгал: lied
wli	наверно: maybe
hbi	скрыть: hide
gmu	вопрос: question
njc	гнать: drive
srh	пущать: let go
ixz	полк: regiment
rte	еще: still
jmg	после: after
yvk	сильно: strong
svb	желать: want
qed	со: with
qcz	именно: exactly
riy	всякий: any
tgx	часто: often
sna	высокий: tall
enp	усами: whiskers
gid	сюртуке: frock coat
rbz	могучим: mighty
ytf	ему: his
abx	некоторые: some
cnw	показать: to show
pih	на сердце: on the heart
bdn	об: about
azr	always: всегда
bgv	обращаться: handle
gkx	чтоб: so that
qzk	верно: right
fgl	плакать: cry
riu	мать: mother
kzp	оста: remain
vlq	сад: garden
jhy	сел: sat down
uek	лавочке: bench
fme	тенистой: shady
dns	особенно: special
yrt	платье: the dress
axp	казалась: seemed
meo	олицетворение: personification
qzg	невинности: innocence
ysb	опустив: dropping
umh	взглядывая: looking
sek	огромного: huge
xdc	нежностью: tenderness
ela	каждым: every
qhz	признавал: recognized
ymn	круга: circle
gns	относилось: related
pqh	взгляде: look
dot	узнал: learned
ifm	равно: equally
gwv	благородного: noble
oam	должна: must
kog	спрашивать: to ask
ewt	просто: simply
hzv	отдались: surrendered
rzs	любовнице: mistress
zfw	сделал: made
ljx	больно: painfully
vjl	трогайте: touch
hna	прикрыть: cover up
ebm	боясь: fear of
wvh	верю: believe
xec	внутренне: internally
vhg	вскочить: jump
pxy	вскрикнул: cried out
cuy	для: for
shp	допуская: allowing
kzr	князь: Prince
bdl	кроме: besides
kap	людям: people
hue	мешает: prevent
pwz	над: over the
mrx	небесную: heaven
stu	невесты: the bride
pgm	нечистоту: uncleanness
vfm	нею: her
tvh	нынче: now
oiw	оскорбить: offend
des	осуждая: condemning
fow	отношений: relations
mpf	подумал: thought
kjx	половом: sexual
wul	принадлежать: belong
ufq	прости: sorry
eht	руку: hand
lwd	сержусь: angry
pxf	сидел: sat
wgn	сознательно: consciously
hwl	требовали: required
rqs	тревожить: disturb
dvi	чистоту: the purity of
phu	что-то: something
